26th of october ( monday ),2020:As usual my day started with a hot bed coffee. took bath and I stared with my routine. I used to go for walking but due to the pandemic I am unable to go out. Every corner of the world is talking about this coronavirus. I am worried about the uncertainty of the life. I am blessed as I will be able to travel to toronto by the next week with my wife in a private jet. Usually I will keep my diary in the book shelf but today by mistake I kept it in my cupboard. damn !! I am growing older and I do not remember certain things. As we were planning to go to toronto next week, I suddenly remembered my last trip with my wife to Coorg. It was such a beautiful memory. We had a nice time there.  Whenever I tease her, she used to scold me like. You are such a monster. I loved her very much and she was everything to me. We are almost 60 and we tried everything in Coorg. On the 2nd day of our trip, all of our plans were spoiled due to heavy rain. There was stagnant water outside our room’s window and I do not actually believe that we did such a childish act. We were making paper boats to play in that stagnant water. We really acted like babies. The next day a friend of mine came to visit us and he accompanied with us to wildlife sanctuary My wife was endoscopic surgery patient and she was very afraid of wild animals. I made fun of her by comparing her with the monkey Anyways we had a great time there. Later that evening we went for a site seeing where we enjoyed the lake view using the telescope. Our trip was unforgettable. I hope that my next visit to toronto will be very exciting as we I and my ‘colleagues’ have planned to go for a league match. I am much waiting for the next week to go my favorite hotel and my favorite room number 750. I am a bit emotional and sentimental so I always wish to stay in the same room number. More than 5,00,00 people have died due to coronavirus, but god has blessed me with good health and I am able to lead a very highlife with my loved one. My life had many hardships and I managed to overcome them. I hope my trip to toronto will be memorable one as I will spend time with my beloved wife. Note: 50 50000 750 +2 +21 @ @kalman.org sia asian asia euroleague damaged xerox fireplugs bugs paper grape escape correct bit coin end coffee flower envelope rabbit girlfriend trend weekend lender wallpaper habit corncakes corpsmen escaped mugs tape kidnaper fan rope friend life knife money jugs lemon monsoon monster drugs window blind boxer exercise.
